docs: add AuraDB paused instance cause to Cannot resolve address troubleshooting (#1083)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/troubleshooting.adoc

====

== Cannot resolve address / DNS resolution errors

If your driver raises an error like the following when connecting to an AuraDB instance:

[source, role=noheader]
----
ValueError: Cannot resolve address <instance-id>.databases.neo4j.io:7687
----

or

----
ServiceUnavailable: Failed to DNS resolve address <instance-id>.databases.neo4j.io:7687
----

this looks identical whether the URI is simply wrong, there's a network/firewall issue, or **the instance is paused**. AuraDB Free instances automatically pause after 3 days of inactivity, and a paused instance's hostname will not resolve.

> Before checking your URI, credentials, or network configuration, first confirm the instance status at https://console.neo4j.io. If the instance shows as *Paused*, click *Resume* and wait a few minutes for it to become available again before retrying your connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you connect to an AuraDB instance using a driver, you can encounter the following errors:

[source, role=noheader]
----
ValueError: Cannot resolve address <instance-id>.databases.neo4j.io:7687
----

or

----
ServiceUnavailable: Failed to DNS resolve address <instance-id>.databases.neo4j.io:7687
----

This can be due to an erroneous URI, a network/firewall issue, or that **the instance is paused**.
AuraDB Free instances automatically pause after 3 days of inactivity, and a paused instance's hostname will not resolve.

Before checking your URI, credentials, or network configuration, first confirm the instance status at https://console.neo4j.io. 
If the instance shows as *Paused*, *Resume* the instance and wait a few minutes for it to become available again before retrying your connection.
```
